Add media-type and content-format IANA registrations (#30)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-uccs: draft-ietf-rats-uccs.md

      occurrences of the prefix "CPA" in the document.  Finally,
      please remove this note.

## Media-Type application/uccs+cbor Registration {#media-type}

IANA is requested to add the following Media-Type to the "Media Types"
registry {{IANA.media-types}}.

| Name      | Template              | Reference               |
| uccs+cbor | application/uccs+cbor | {{media-type}} of {{&SELF}} |
{: #new-media-type title="Media Type Registration"}

{:compact}
Type name:
: application

Subtype name:
: uccs+cbor

Required parameters:
: n/a

Optional parameters:
: n/a

Encoding considerations:
: binary (CBOR data item)

Security considerations:
: {{seccons}} of {{&SELF}}

Interoperability considerations:
: none

Published specification:
: {{&SELF}}

Applications that use this media type:
: Applications that transfer Unprotected CWT Claims Set(s) (UCCS) over
  Secure Channels

Fragment identifier considerations:
: The syntax and semantics of
      fragment identifiers is as specified for "application/cbor".  (At

>       publication of RFC 9290, there is no fragment identification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      publication of this document, there is no fragment identification
```
